Trust anchor clarity in registration policies (#304)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

Registration Policies refer to additional checks over and above the Mandatory Registration Checks that are performed before a Signed Statement is accepted to be registered to the Append-only Log.

> Transparency Services MUST maintain Registration Policies and a list of trust anchors to authenticate Issuers upon Registration.

Reviewer: Transparency Services MUST maintain Registration Policies.

Transparency Services MUST maintain a list of trust anchors as described in _TBD_.

Transparency Services MUST authenticate signed statements as part of a Registration Policy.

> Transparency Services MUST maintain Registration Policies and a list of trust anchors to authenticate Issuers upon Registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transparency Services MUST maintain Registration Policies.

Transparency Services MUST maintain a list of trust anchors as described in _TBD_.

Transparency Services MUST authenticate signed statements as part of a Registration Policy.
```
